so first take both pineapples and wash
them and then what you're going to do is
basically just take the head of one out
be very careful because you can actually
hurt yourself with these because they're
very pointy then you're going to have
something looking like this from there
you're going to take a knife and very
gently cut the bottom into a circle so
basically you're going to take this out
so it creates a crease like this and you
do the same thing for the top once
you've done that take your paper towel
holder and gently slide the first
pineapple that you cut into it it might
be a little bit hard but it's okay
and then do the same thing cut the
bottom of the second one creating a
crease once you get that one out slide
it in so this is your pick to do the top
part what you need is basically just
leaves that look like palm tree leaves
so I just literally went to the dollar
store bought two of them and it cost me
a dollar each so I just put them inside
in the middle of these leaves you can
take them out but it just gives a nicer
effect and texture and then what I like
about the fact that they're synthetic is
that you can move them around and shape
your tree to however you want it to be
shaped so I really hope you enjoyed my
way of doing my palm tree for your
parties hope you enjoyed this video
you